Interview questions
What are your three greatest strengths?
	Adaptability, compassion, Compusure
What are your three greatest weaknesses?
	Social, delegation, gov experience
What do you consider to be your greatest accomplishment?
What are you passionate about?
What is your biggest regret?
What will you miss most about your last job?
Why do you want to work in government?
What are your top 5 technical skills that can apply is this position?
	Data analysis, microsoft office, project planning, budgeting, project planning
How would you describe our role in our agency within the government to a member of the general public?
Why should we hire you over our other candidates?
Tell me about a past conflict in the workplace?
	Sexual assault, conflict between subordinates in front of customers, subordinates 	that did not respect me
Tell me about a time you had to lead/manage a position you had no prior experience in?
	sell mowers, sell guns, do taxes, ran ops
Tell me about a time you were able to use your leadership skills?
	codes, ran ops, mediated, helicopter crash
Give an example of a time when you had to be quick to come to a decision.
Describe yourself in 1-3 words.
	adaptive, compassionate, composed, integrity
What motivates you?
How would your coworkers describe you?
What makes you angry or annoyed?
Tell me about a time that you improved a process?


Questions for the Interviewer
What would you say is the most challenging part of the job?
Do you have any hesitations about my qualifications?
Can you tell me more about the team I would be working with?
How long have you worked in your role?
Can you tell me how long the previous person in this role was there and why they left?
What metrics will my performance be measured against?


Stories I can use
Teaching classes about radios to junior marines
Teaching myself extra knowledge about radios, searching for education, self teaching morse code through radio
record jacket NCO
First op ran as a junior marine prior to promotion
Doing taxes in the marines
Multiple ops, typhoons in okinawa, philippines
Learning about selling mowers, guns, etc
Positive writeups
Dealing with sexual assault in the workplace
Getting supplies changed or new supplies
Brief stint in policy review
Sat in meetings between departments (security and ED)
Pushing for BIPAP for a patient
